( APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: WELCOME TO THE
SHOW.
>> THIS IS BEAUTIFUL.
>> Stephen: ISN'T THIS LOVELY?
>> YOU DON'T SEE THAT ON TV.
>> Stephen: WE SHOW IT
SOMETIMES--
>> SISTINE CHAPEL.
>> Stephen: KIND OF, KIND OF.
IT'S BETTER THAN THE SISTINE
CHAPEL--
>> THAT'S WEIRD TO SAY.
>> Stephen: IT'S NOT THAT
WEIRD TO SAY.
ONCE YOU'VE SEEN IT, IT'S BETTER
THAN THE SISTINE CHAPEL.
>> "IT'S BETTER THAN THE SISTINE
CHAPEL."
>> Stephen: GET YOUR OWN SHOW,
MICHAEL ANGELO.
NICE TO MEET YOU.
IT'S A LITTLE ADULT FOR ME.
>> YEAH.
>> Stephen: A LITTLE
INAPPROPRIATE.
>> IT'S LATE-NIGHT CABLE.
>> Stephen: IT SURE IS.
IT SURE IS.
YOU GET TO USE THE BAD WORDS AND
NOT BLEEP THEM OVER THERE.
>> THAT'S TRUE.
THEY'RE FUN TO SAY.
( LAUGHTER )
WITH THE ACCENT.
THEY'RE VERY FUN TO SAY.
>> Stephen: WELL, I WAS ALSO A
FAN OF THE PERSON YOU'RE PLAYING
IN THE NEW MOVIE OF HERVEÉ
VILAGE, BECAUSE I WAS A HUGE
"FANTASY ISLAND" FAN.
>> STRANGE SHOW.
>> Stephen: VERY STRANGE SHOW.
( APPLAUSE )
DID YOU-- DID YOU WATCH THAT
SHOW WHEN YOU WERE GROWING UP?
>> I DID-- WELL, I SNUCK UP TO
MY GRANDMOTHER'S HOUSE.
SHE HAD A BIG OLD TV.
MY PARENTS DIDN'T HAVE A TV IN
THE HOUSE.
>> Stephen: WAIT A SECOND, YOU
GREW UP WITHOUT A TELEVISION?
>> I KNOW.
>> Stephen: ARE YOU AN
AMERICAN?
(  LAUGHTER  )
WERE YOUR PARENTS JUST, LIKE,
ANTI-TV?
>> YEAH, THEY ARE SMART.
( LAUGHTER )
WE --
>> Stephen: YOU REALIZE RIGHT
NOW YOU'RE PART OF THE PROBLEM
THEN.
>> THERE WAS SOMETHING CALLED
BOOKS MANY YEARS AGO.
>> Stephen: I'VE HEARD.
I'VE HEARD.
>> NO, BUT MY GRANDMOTHER HAD A
BIG OLD TV AND "FANTASY
ISLAND"-- "LOVE BOAT" AND
"FANTASY" WERE A DOUBLE FEATURE.
"FANTASY ISLAND" WAS LIKE A
CROSS BETWEEN "LOVE BOAT."
>> Stephen: HERVEÉ VILAGE s
WAS THE NUMBER TWO TO MR. RORK,
WHO WAS THE GUY WHO OWNED THE
ISLAND.
>> TATTOO.
>> Stephen: THAT'S RIGHT.
I COULDN'T REMEMBER THE
CHARACTER'S NAME.
AND HE WAS THE ONE WHO WOULD
SAY, "THE PLANE, THE PLANE!"
WHEN THE PLANE WAS LANDING,
EVERY EPISODE, RIGHT?
>> YEAH, AND THE FUNNY THING IS,
EVEN IF YOU WEREN'T FAMILIAR
WITH THE SHOW, YOU SORT OF KNEW
THAT CATCH PHRASE.
I HEARD IT SOMETIMES GROWING UP.
>> Stephen: OH, PEOPLE WOULD
YELL IT AT YOU?
>> YEAL...
>> Stephen: UH-HUH.
>> YEAH...
>> Stephen: WHAT WAS THAT
LIKE?
>> UH... UH... A
MISUNDERSTANDING.
IT WASN'T ME SO.
( LAUGHTER ).
>> Stephen: SO DID YOU HAVE
ANY KIND OF-- DID THAT MAKE YOU
ANGRY THAT HE EXISTED OR DID IT
GIVE YOU SYMPATHY FOR HIS
POSITION?
>> THIS IS GOING TO BE
THERAPEUTIC.
( LAUGHTER )
>> Stephen: UHM, UH... NO, I
FEEL LIKE HE WAS PART OF A TV
SHOW THAT WAS DELIVERING UPON
WHAT HE KNEW WHAT HE WAS GETTING
HIMSELF INTO.
HE WAS A BRILLIANT MAN.
THE MOVIE EXPLORES THAT.
HE JUST SORT OF GOT WRAPPED UP
IN THE FAME OF IT ALL.
>> Stephen: AND WHAT'S THE
ACTUAL STORY OF THE MOVIE?
WHAT IS "MY DINNER WITH HERVEÉ."
>> MY FRIEND WHO WROTE AND
DIRECTED THE FILM, HE
INTERVIEWED HERVEÉ IN 1993, A
COUPLE OF MONTHS BEFORE HE
COMMITTED SUICIDE.
AND HE REALIZED IT WAS JUST LOOK
A PUFF PIECE.
HE WAS A BRITISH JOURNALIST, AND
IT WAS A PUFF PIECE THAT HE WAS
SORT OF TOLD TO GO TO LOS
ANGELES AND DO.
AND OVER THE COURSE OF THREE
NIGHTS, HE SORT OF REVEALED HIS
WHOLE LIFE STORY TO HIM, AND
ONLY LATER DID HE REALIZE IT WAS
SORT OF A SUICIDE NOTE.
>> Stephen: WELL, WE HAVE A
CLIP HERE, AND IT'S HERVE AND
THE REPORTER IN A LIMOUSINE.
>> I THINK.
>> YES.
>> Stephen: AND THEY'RE
DISCUSSING WHETHER GOD EXISTS, I
THINK.
>> SURE.
( LAUGHTER ).
>> SO WHAT KEPT YOU GOING,
SELF-BELIEF, DETERMINATION, OR
WAS IT-- WAS IT JUST PURE
DESPERATION?
I MEAN, YOU HAD NOTHING TO LOSE,
NOTHING TO GO BACK TO.
>> NO.
IT WAS GOD.
GOD IS THE ONE THAT KEPT ME
GOING.
>> YOU SERIOUSLY BELIEVE IN GOD?
>> YES.
AND I KNOW HE WILL NEVER LET ME
DOWN.
>> SOME MIGHT SAY HE ALREADY
DID.
>> YES, HE MAKE ME THIS WAY.
>> HOW COULD YOU POSSIBLY KNOW
THAT.
>> BECAUSE IT HAPPENED.
( APPLAUSE )
( CHEERS )
>> AND THAT'S 30 SHADES FREED
JAMIE DORNAN.
>> Stephen: YOU AND JAMIE
DORNAN BOTH HAVE-- THEY'RE BIG
SUCCESS, BUT THEY HAVE SORT OF
CULTISH FANS.
LIKE VERY OBSESSIVE CULTISH
FANS.
>> VERY DIFFERENT FANS.
( LAUGHTER ).
>> Stephen: I DON'T KNOW.
I DON'T KNOW.
REALLY?
I MEAN, THERE'S A LOT OF FAIRLY
UPSETTING--
>> I THINK BONES FANS WOULD TAKE
ISSUE WITH COMPARING THE TWO.
BECAUSE THEY'RE-- "GAME OF
THRONES" FANS ARE VERY SPECIFIC
AND LOVELY.
( LAUGHTER )
"50 SHADES" FANS HAVE ISSUES.
(  LAUGHTER  ).
>> Stephen: AND IT TAKES-- IT
TAKES ALL TYPES.
>> IT'S ALL VERY SUPPRESSED
ISSUES, I THINK.
>> Stephen: DID YOU GUYS
COMPARE?
LIKE, DID YOU COMPARE YOUR FANS?
>> NO, I READ SOME OF THE
SCREENPLAY, THOUGH, IN OUR
DRESSING ROOM.
HE HAD TO DO SOME RESHOOTS FOR
"50 SHADES" AND I HELPED HIM OUT
LEARNING LINES.
( LAUGHTER )
YEAH.
>> Stephen: DID YOU NAIL IT?
>> I WAS JUST HELPING A FRIEND
LEARN LINES.
I NAILED IT!
>> Stephen: SURE.
>> I REALLY DID.
>> Stephen: I THINK THAT'S ONE
OF THE LINES.
(  LAUGHTER  )
( APPLAUSE )
NOW...
>> FROM BOTH "GAME OF THRONES--"
FROM BOTH AND "50 SHADES."
>> Stephen: WE'VE GOT TO GO IN
A MINUTE, I'M NOT GOING TO ASK
YOU-- "GAME OF THRONES" IS
WRAMED, RIGHT?
IT'S TOTALLY WRAPPED AT THIS
POINT.
>> YES.
>> Stephen: SO I KNOW YOU
CAN'T TELL ME ANYTHING WHAT
HAPPENS IN THE SEASON.
I'M NOT GOING TO PUT OUT SPOT.
>> NO, BUT I'LL BE ALL CLEVER
AND COY WITH MY ANSWERS.
(  LAUGHTER  )
AND FRUSTRATE ALL OF YOU.
>> Stephen: BUT HAPPY ENDING,
RIGHT?
IT'S ALL A HAPPY END.
>> SURE!
(  LAUGHTER  )
I REALLY --
>> Stephen: SURE!
SURE!
EVERYTHING'S FINE!
>> I'M A TERRIBLE ACTOR BUT I'VE
PERFECTED THESE RESPONSES.
>> Stephen: JUST TELL ME WHAT
THE LAST DAY WAS LIKE?
>> JAMIE ACTUALLY CAME TO OUR
WRAP PARTY.
>> Stephen: OKAY.
>> OF "GAME OF THRONES."
IT WAS IN BELFAST AND IT WAS A
CRAZY NIGHT AND HE IS FROM
BELFAST.
SO THAT WAS FUN.
>> Stephen: "IT WAS FUN."
(  LAUGHTER  ).
>> IT WAS A GREAT WRAP PARTY.
(  LAUGHTER  )
>> Stephen: THAT'S FINE.
WE'RE GOOD.
>> THERE WERE JUST DRAGONS IN
THE SHOW.
(  LAUGHTER  )
>> Stephen: I HAVEN'T GOTTEN
THAT FAR IN THE SHOW YET.
>> YOU DON'T WATCH THE SHOW.
YOU READ THE BOOKS.
>> Stephen: I READ THE BOOKS.
I'M IN SEASON ONE RIGHT NOW.
I I'M IN SEASON ONE OF THE SHOW,
BUT I HAVEN'T ACTUALLY READ--
YOU'RE FANTASTIC AS TYRION
LANNISTER.
YOU'RE FANTASTIC.
>> OH, THANKS.
( APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: I'M NOT SAYING--
>> THAT'S THE FUNNY THING.
THERE ARE-- WHEN WE STARTED THE
SHOW, THERE WERE ALL THESE
READERS OF THE BOOK, AND THEY'RE
ALL LIKE, "HMMM..." TO THE
CASTING.
AND HOPEFULLY MOST OF THEM ARE
HAPPY NOW.
>> Stephen: NO, IT'S
ABSOLUTELY-- IT'S A PERFECT
ADAPTATION OF THE BOOKS IN MY
OPINION.
IT'S ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
>> YEAH.
>> Stephen: IT'S UP THERE
WITH, LIKE, YOU KNOW, PETER
JACKSON'S "LORD OF THE RINGS."
IT'S RIGHT UP THERE.
>> YES.
>> Stephen: HAVE YOU READ
THOSE BOOKS?
>> YES.
>> Stephen: DID YOU ENJOY
THOSE?
>> YEAH!
>> Stephen: YOU CAN STAY
ANOTHER 20 MINUTES FOR THAT?
>> LET'S DO IT.
>> Stephen: THEY'RE GOING TO
MAKE ME TURN OFF THE CAMERAS.
>> THAT WOULD BE WEIRD.
>> Stephen: BECAUSE CBS
(BLEEP) HATES IT WHEN I TALK
ABOUT "LORD OF THE RINGS."
THANKS SO MUCH FOR BEING HERE.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
"MY DINNER WITH HERVEÉ" PREMIERE
THIS SATURDAY ON HBO.
PETER DINKLAGE, EVERYBODY!